
Testing and quality assurance methodologies are fundamental for ensuring product quality. These methodologies can help to identify issues and ensure that product requirements are met. Common methodologies include:
-  Concept Testing
    - Testing the product idea or concept before starting the development stage. This often involves generating user feedback through forms and surveys. 
- Unit Testing
    - A whitebox testing technique which involves testing small units or modules of code to identify and fix faults early on in the development process. 
- Boundary Testing
    - A testing technique which involves entering data on the boundary of being accepted or rejected to ensure that input data is being correctly handled.
- Integration Testing
    - A whitebox testing technique performed after unit testing which assesses the communication and integration between multiple modules or components.
- Performance Testing
    - A technique which assesses the efficiency, speed, responsiveness, and stability of the code under different tasks and conditions to identify bottlenecks and ensure scalability. 
- System Testing
    - A blackbox testing technique, which is often tested by external professionals, that tests the product as a whole from the perspective of an end-user to ensure it meets product requirements.
-  Acceptance and Usability Testing
    - Ensuring that a product / software is meeting the requirements of the users and is accepted by the end-users. Usability testing ensures that the software is easy to use and user-friendly.
- Regression Testing
    - Ensures that new features or modified code do not introduce new faults or problems. 
- Load / Stress Testing
    - Load testing involves testing software under high loads. Stress testing involves testing software under extreme loads. This identifies the maximum capacity of software and ensures software behaviour remains the same, even under high capacity.