
It is important to test all components of a solution during and after development to ensure expected results. The main components include:
- Software Testing
    - Ensures that code meets functional and user-requirements, and that it is bug-free. Software testing also identifies and addresses faults and exploits prior to release. Software components are usually tested first to ensure that software faults are not mistaken for the faults of other components.
- Interface Testing
    - Ensures that the software is correctly communicating with different components or systems. Interface testing also identifies incorrect or a lack of communication between components and ensures different components are integrated properly (often through simulated data and hardware components). Interface testing is usually ran parallel to software testing.
- Data Testing
    - After software and interface testing is completed, data testing can then be performed. Data testing ensures data integrity and consistency by checking that the database structure/schema is correct. Database responsiveness is also checked through the use of complex queries. This also ensures data is stored correctly, preventing data loss.
- Hardware Testing
    - Ensures that all hardware are operational and meet specific standards. Hardware testing identifies shortcomings, faulty hardware, and system failures prior to release. Hardware is usually tested last to ensure that the faults are not mistaken for faults in other components.
- Resultant Product Testing
    - Ensures that all components of the product are meeting requirements as a polished, integrated product. 