Digital technologies can support processes and business models, such as:
- Product Design
    - Designing Tools - digital technologies such as computer assisted design software allows users to design and modify 2d or 3d models, designs, and concepts prior to manufacturing. 
    - Simulation Software - digital technologies such as AR and VR software is used to simulate the look/design of a product in a realistic environment. This can assist is finding and addressing design flaws and be used for product marketing.
- Manufacturing
    - Remote Control - a digital technologies can connect with and control sensors or controllers which are linked to the manufacturing process. This allows for the manufacturing chain to be monitored and for machine settings to be altered accordingly. 
- Data Modelling
    - Diagramming Software - digital technologies allow for the use of diagramming software (i.e. Visio) which enables users to easily create, modify, collaborate, and share visualisations of data models. 
    - Database Management Software - database management software (i.e. Microsoft SQL Server) can be used to import a data model and automatically generate database schema based off this, reducing time and errors in the creation of process. 
- Local and Remote Working
    - Collaboration Tools - collaboration tools such as teams and file sharing allow people to work on a task/file in real time. 
    - Conferencing Tools - video conferencing tools such as zoom allow for the business and stakeholders to communicate through a network, regardless of location. This reduces the need for on-site meetings.