It is important that technical change is sufficiently documented and managed. Most businesses will follow an established plan to implement change, which consists of:
- Identifying the changes to be made - this involves identifying processes or infrastructure which needs to be changed, including the scope of the change.
- Identifying and communicating potential risks and impacts - this involves assessing the impact on an organisation's expectations, customer satisfaction, and financial performance. 
- Configuration of the new system / process - this involves developing / installing the new system and ensuring it meets user needs / requirements and desired outcomes.
- Methods of implementing change
    - Parallel - both systems are ran at the same time.
    - Phased - the new system is rolled out in stages or phases, slowly replacing the old system.
    - Direct - the new system immediately replaces the old one. 
    - Pilot - the new system is tested on a small scale to identify issues and areas for improvement. The changes are then implemented and the new system is rolled out to everyone. 
- Documenting changes made - involves documenting steps taken, decisions made, and outcomes achieved. This can be used for future reference or documentation. 
- Rollback planning - used if changes are unsuccessful and systems need to be reverted to their previous state. This involves identifying steps to revert changes, resources required, and next actions. 
- Ensuring reproducibility of outcomes and performance - this involves testing the system under different circumstances and scenarios to ensure outcomes and performance are as expected. 
- Traceability of requirements through lifecycle - linking requirements to design, development, testing, and implementation. 