Organisations may change for multiple factors, which can be categorised into 2 groups:
- Planned-For Factors 
    - Adding additional features and/or services - organisation may decide to add new features/services to meet customer needs. 
    - Diversification - organisations may need to enter different markets to diversify revenue and reduce risk. 
    - Scaling - organisations may need to scale operations to meet growing demand for products and services. 
    - Rebranding - organisations may rebrand to attract new customers or distance from negative publicity.
    - Adoption of New Technologies - organisations may use new technologies to reduce costs, improve efficiency, or provide new services.
    - Changes in Legislation - legislation changes may force organisations to change operations and guidelines to comply with the law.
    - Response to Competition - organisations may need to change to stay ahead of competitors (i.e. price changes).
- Unforeseen / Previously Unpreventable Factors
    - Crisis (natural disasters, terrorism, cyberattacks) - organisations may introduce procedures or drills for how to respond to and minimise the effects of crises. 
    - Zero-day Vulnerabilities - organisations may introduce software update policies to reduce the chance of being affected by a vulnerability. 
    - Data Corruption - organisations may introduce data redundancy measures or storage systems to reduce the chances of data loss in the future. 
    - System Failures - organisations may introduce redundant systems to reduce disruption caused by system failures.