
In programming, searching and sorting algorithms are important for keeping data structures (see 2.1.3) ordered and being able to effficiently navigate them.
- Searching Algorithms
    - Linear Search
        - Involves going through every entry in a list until the specified value is found.
            - Linear searches are very inefficient, however lists do not need ordering. 
    - Binary search
        - Involves taking the midpoint of a list. If the midpoint is smaller than the specified value, all values larger than the midpoint are discarded. If the midpoint is larger than the specified value, all values smaller than the midpoint are discarded.
            - Binary searches are very efficient but require an ordered list. 
- Sorting Algorithms
    - Bubble Sort
        - Every adjacent value is compared, if the value on the left is bigger than the value on the right, the positions are swapped. The next 2 adjacent values are compared. 
            - Bubble sorts are very inefficient and may take multiple iterations (or passes) to complete the sort. 
    - Insertion Sort
        - Each value is compared to the one before it and swapped until it isn't smaller than the previous elements. (https://bteccomputing.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/insertionPic.png)
            - Insertion sorts are more efficient but more complex than bubble sorts.
    - Merge Sort
        - The initial list is halfed into new lists repetitively until each list only contains 1 value. These lists are now merged again into a sorted list by comparing and swapping values during the merge process. (https://www.coderarticles.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/merge_sort_algorithm.png)
            - Merge sorts are the most efficient and complex sorting algorithm. 