AI (Artificial Intelligence) - the development of computers to perform tasks which require intelligence.

ML (Machine Learning) - the development of computers to learn without being programmed. (Subset of AI)

DL (Deep Learning) - an artificial neural network, design to emulate the structure and function of the brain. (Subset of ML)

AI, ML, and DL have the ability to impact individuals in several ways:
- Advantages
    - Personalisation
        - AI and ML can analyse sets of data to provide personalised recommendations to customers, which improves convenience for customers as it makes it easier for them to find what they need.
    - Service
        - AI chatbots can provide individuals with immediate guidance or assistance, which reduces wait times for individuals, improving satisfaction.
    - Cybersecurity
        - ML can be used to detect suspicious files, code, or modules indicative of malware or other threats. This allows for early detection and action against threats, which protects individuals against hardware damage, data theft and/or identity loss.

- Disadvantages
    - Lack of transparency
        - AI, ML, and DL are often too complex to understand, making it difficult to understand the decision making processes and rationale behind them. 
    - Dependence
        - If individuals rely too much on technology such as AI and automation to perform tasks, they may become less skilled in the area they are using these tecnologies for and have reduced ability without this.
    - Addiction
        - The use of AI and ML on entertainment platforms such as social media and streaming services can lead to compulsive behaviour and addiction. 