Note that this does not contain every guideline under each principle for the sake of conciseness.  It is unlikely that Pearson will assess off of any 1 particular guideline, and are more likely to ask generally (i.e. list x guidelines or principles).

The British Computing Society is a professional body designed to help individuals in the technology industry. The BCS has 4 key principles:
- Make IT for everyone.
    - Have due regard for public health, privacy, security, and wellbeing for others and the environment. 
    - Have due regard for the right of third parties. 
    - Conduct your professional responsibilities without discrimination.
    - Promote equal access to the benefits of IT. 
- Show what you know, learnt what you don't.
    - Only undertake work or provide a service which is within your level of professional competence.
    - Do not claim any levels of competence which you do not have.
    - Develop your professional skills, competence, and knowledge on an ongoing basis. 
    - Ensure that you have the knowledge and understanding of relevant legislation, and that you comply with it. 
- Respect the organisation or individual you work for.
    - Carry out professional responsibilities with due care and dilligence.
    - Seek to avoid any situation that may cause conflict of interest.
    - Accept professional responsibility for your work and those you supervise. 
    - Do not disclose or authorise the disclosure of any confidential information unless authorised or obliged by law. 
- Keep IT real. Keep IT professional. Pass IT on.
    -  Uphold the reputation and dignity of your profession.
    - Uphold the reputation and good standing of the BCS.
    - Act with integrity and respect in professional relationships.
    - Encourage and support members in their professional development.