Guidelines and Agreed Standards play an important role in ensuring quality and accessibility of IT systems.
- International Standards Organisation (ISO) standards
    - ISO is a non government organisation who develop and publish standards.
    - ISO 30071-1 provides guidance on implementing accessibility into an organisation's policy / values and into ICT systems. ISO 30071-1 offers steps for:
        - Ensuring accessibility is considered in strategy.
        - Considering accessibility when planning, designing, developing, or maintaining systems.
        - Justifying decisions about accessibility.
        - Communicating accessibility to stakeholders.
- Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
    - WCAG is a set of guidelines designed to make web content more accessible to people with disabilities. 
        - WCAG 1.0 was published in 1999 by the W3C and is now considered outdated.
        - WCAG 2.0 was published in 2009 by the W3C and is widely used to this day.
            - 2.0 is a more widely detailed and comprehensible set of guidelines.
- Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)
    - A large international community of network developers, operators, vendors, and researchers that develop and promote internet protocols and standards.
    - The IETF develop and publish standards used in the TCP/IP model such as: HTTP, SMTP, TCP, IP.
- World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
    - A large international community that develops open standards and specifications to ensure the long-term growth of the web.
        - W3C develops guidelines and standards to ensure web content is accessible to those with disabilities or impairments.
        - W3C also develops specifications for generating web content such as: HTML, CSS, SVG.

- The IETF and W3C work closely together to provide guidelines about accessibility and other factors related to internet and network protocols and standards.
