Note that this Code of Conduct has many similar guidelines and codes as the BCS. Whereever possible, I have tried to exclude these guidelines to reduce redundancy. With similar reason to BCS Codes of Conduct, I have not covered all codes and guidelines in the interest of conciseness.

The Institute of Analysts is a professional body designed to help indivfiduals in the IT industry. The IAP has 4 key principles or duties:
- Duties to the Public.
    - Ensure that due regard is paid to public health and safety.
    - Endeavour to safeguard the legal rights of third parties. 
    - Be aware of and observe the law of the land, particularly in your chosen field.
- Duties to the Profession.
    - Conduct yourself professionally at all times. 
    - Strive to advance public appreciation and understanding of computer technology.
    - Do not use expertise to mislead or manipulate computer users.
    - Refute false or misleading statements about the profession or practice. 
- Duties to the Institution.
    - Observe the code of conduct of the institution.
    - Operate according to recognised best practice.
    - Ensure that any professional opinion given is objective and reliable.
    - Do not terminate valid agreements without sufficient and good reason.
- Duties to Clients / Employers.
    - Work with proper care and regard for client / employer requirements.
    - Indicate the likely consequences of your professional judgement being overruled, in writing.
    - Complete work within time and budget constraints, and immediately indicate any overruns.
    - Do not take advantage of others' inexperience or lack of knowledge.