Technology has boosted the efficiency of many businesses and individuals, but unequal access to this technology has left many people behind. 
This division in technology is known as the digital divide and there are 3 main types of divide:
- Access divide 
    - The gap between people who have access to technology, and those who do not. Factors include:
        - Location
        - Income
        - Age
- Usage divide
    - The gap between people who have access to technology, and those who use it effectively. Factors include:
        - Digital literacy
        - Education
        - Age
- Quality of use divide
    - The gap between people who use high quality technology and those who use limited or low-quality technology. Factors include:
        - Internet speed
        - Hardware
        - Income

Impacts of these divides include:
- Limited employability
    - Due to businesses relying increasingly on technology to complete operations, they may be reluctant to recruit someone with little familiarity and literacy with these technologies.
- Social isolation
    - Due to increasing numbers of people using the internet and technology to connect and communicate, those who do not use these technologies may be more socially isolated.
- Educational barriers
    - Educational resources and even classes are beginning to move online. A lack of access to this technology may make it difficult to access these resources, decreasing access to information and and potentially affecting acdemic performance.