Acceptable use policy (AUP) - a set of guidelines which outlines what a company deems as acceptable use of their IT systems. 
- Advantages
    - Ensures stakeholder privacy
        - An AUP protects the privacy of stakeholder information by stating what cannot be disclosed. 
    - Ensures data confidentiality 
        - An AUP ensures data confidentiality by specifying prohibited activites which may threaten this confidentiality. For example: hacking, spreading malware, using unauthorised programs or scripts. 
    - Prevents harassment / discrimination 
        - An AUP prevents use of technology in a way that allows for or encourages harassment, discrimination, or bullying. This may include forbidding use of inappropriate words, images, or videos.
    - Promotes accountability / transparency
        - An AUP promotes transparency and accountability by clearly stating what is or isn't acceptable use. Employees are made aware of this and hence accountable for their actions. 

- Disadvantages
    - Constantly changing 
        - As new technologies and ethical issues arise, an AUP can quickly become outdated if not updated accordingly. 
    - Employee resentment
        - If an AUP is considered overly restrictive, employees may resent the new policies and become less productive. It may also limit employee's abilities to freely express ideas / opinions (within reason).
    - Privacy infringement
        - A vague AUP may not clearly define policies and procedures for data collection, data usage, and who has access to this data. This can lead to a breach of privacy for employees and other stakeholdders using the company's system.