Globalisation - the increasing connectivity between businesses, economies, and people globally. 

Whilst digital technologies have facilitated globalisation, they have also introduced moral and ethical challenges.
- Advantages
    - Economic growth
        - Globalisation has provided more opportunities to trade with and invest in foreign businesses and individuals.
    - Job creation 
        - In the country recieving the outsourced work, new jobs may be created related to the work, creating a source of income for individuals in the area.
    - Quality of living
        - Due to economic growth and job creation provided by globalisation, many people have had an improvement in living standards.
- Disadvantages
    - Labour standards 
        - Businesses or individuals seeking to minimise costings may outsource production to companies with lower standards for working conditions. This may include:
            - Lower wages
            - Less safety 
            - Weaker laws
    - Unsustainable / unethical practice
        - Those seeking to make profit (both the company that outsourced the work and the manufacturer) may prioritise efficiency and costings over sustainable or ethical practice. This can contribute to environmental damage, unethical working conditions and low quality / unsafe products. 
    - Exploitation of developing countries
        - Developing countries are often exploited as they may not have the legal, economic, or political power to negoitate fair trade. 