Changes in societal norms - the evolution of accepted attitudes and behaviour within society over time. 
- Advantages
    - Raises awareness
        - When societal norms and behaviours of individuals change, this can bring attention to issues which were peviously overlooked or ignored. This can lead to positive changes and improvements. 
    - Provides a foundation for legislation and regulations
        - Changes in societal norms and individuals' behaviour can help to encourage the creation of new guidelines and legislation which better reflect the values and problems of society.
    - Challenging unethical practice
        - These changes can lead to practices which were once accepted, common, and even encouraged may now be challenged and denounced if it unethical and/or unsustainable. This can promote positive change and help to eliminate the use of unethical practices.
    
- Disadvantages
    - Disregard of pre-existing norms and guidelines
        - Changes in societal norms and individuals can lead to the disregard or ignorance of guidelines, standards, and norms which were previously effective. This can lead to further moral and ethical issues. 
    - Unintended consequences
        - These changes can have unintended consequences which aren't apparent until after the changes are effective.
    - Conflict with existing norms
        - Changes may cause confliction with existing norms, values, beliefs, or guidelines. This can cause disagreements and conflict over which norm should remain in place. 