Inclusion and diversity - the idea that everyone should be offered a fair and equal opportunity regardless of religion, race, gender, etc. Whilst technology has encouraged and provided support for diversity, it has presented countless challenges.
- Advantages
    - Online communities
        - Social media and other internet platforms have allowed people from diverse backgrounds to connect and communicate. This can support people who do not such resources available in their physical community. 
    - Access to information
        - Technology has made it easier to access information and learn about different cultures and backgrounds. 
    - Inclusive design
        - Companies and developers are becoming increasingly focused on making websites more accessible by using features like:
            - Closed captions
            - Screen readers
            - High contrast
- Disadvantages
    - Online harassment
        - The internet allows for anonymous communication which can lead to harassment and bullying online. This can make it difficult for certain groups to feel safe when participating online.
    - Accessibility
        - Technology can be difficult for people with disabilities to access. Some web content may not be designed with accessibility in mind, which may limit the amount of information that people with disabilities can access.
    - Bias in Algorithms / AI
        - Algorithms and AI can be used for data based decisions in recruitment among other tasks. If the technology is trained off poor or biased data, they may also make discriminative or bias decisions.