Autonomous operation - the ability of a system or machine to function independently, without the guidance or intervention of a human.
- Advantages
    - Improves fairness and transparency
        - Autonomous systems are designed to make decisions based off of data rather than opinion, which removes or reduces bias and prejudice. Autonomous systems can also be designed to provide clear insights about their decisions, promoting trust. 
    - Improves safety
        - Autonomous systems can operate in unsafe environments, reducing the risk for actual employees. 
    - Reduced errors
        - Autonomous systems can perform tasks with a greater accuracy than humans, which reduces errors and improves efficency.  

- Disadvantages
    - Responsibility for outcomes
        - Autonomous systems may produce unintended outcomes or results, such as harm to people or to the environment. As the system is not being controlled or operated by any worker, it is difficult to decide who is responsible for such an outcome. 
    - Job loss
        - Autonomous systems may be able to automatically perform tasks currently being performed by employees, leading to loss of jobs. 
    - Privacy concerns
        - As autonomous operations run without human operation or intervention, they collect, store, and process large amounts of data automatically to perform operations and improve the system. This means that autonomous systems may accidentally store and process sensitive or personal data. (This is why systems such as ChatGPT say to not enter personal data).