Open Source and Creative Commons are both movements which encourage the sharing of creative works, such as software. 
- Advantages
    - Collaboration
        - Open Source and Creative Commons allow individuals or organisations to collaborate on and repurpose projects without having to worry about licensing fees and legislation about Copyright and Intellectual Property. 
    - Accessibility
        - Open Source and Creative Commons licensed work makes content more accessible to people who cannot access or afford propietary software. This ensures people in developing countries and different circumstances can still produce quality work digitally without having a specific software. This can help to promote equal access to technology. 
    - Security
        - Open Source software can be more secure as the code is open to the public for review and testing, meaning vulnerabilities are often detected and resolved faster. 
    
- Disadvantages
    - Lack of control
        - Using Open Source or Creative Commons licenses often requires creators to relinquish control over their work. This can be difficult, especially for those relying on their work for income. 
    - Lack of support
        - Open Source software is often developed by volunteers, meaning support may take longer or be limited as it is provided by a community rather than customer service or developers. However, this is dependent on the size of the community.
    - Attribution
        - With Creative Commons licenses, attribution (giving credit) is often required when using someone else's work. This may be difficult when using a lot of different sources, as it will become difficult to keep track of every attribution.
