Employers may opt to monitor their systems through hardware and / or software to measure performance, ensure company policy is being followed, and protect company resources. 
- Advantages
    - Fast response to incidents
        - By monitoring employee activity and network traffic, staff can quickly be informed of any attacks, breaches, or incidents on company resources / services, and be able to quickly respond to them.
    - Measurable employee performance
        - Monitoring systems can track employee performance and productivity. This makes it easier to find, recognise and reward hard-working employees. 
    - Automated attendance and project tracking
        - By tracking if and how long an employee uses a system for, this data can be used with other tools to automatically manage employees, payslips, projects, and attendance. 

- Disadvantages
    - Employee resentment
        - Using monitoring systems may make employees feel untrusted or insignificant, damaging employee morale. 
    - Collection of personal data
        - Some monitoring systems may collect data inputted or accessed by the user, such as keystrokes. This means that the system may accidentally store/log personal or sensitive data. 
    - Privacy concerns
        - If monitoring systems do track personal or sensitive data (whether accidentally or for a legitimate purpose), the employer will be breaking the law if this data is not kept confidential and secured properly (as per the GDPR, DPA, and similar legislation). Additionally, this leads to privacy concerns for the stakeholders for the data being stored.