Algorithms are a set of instructions or rules to achieve a goal or solve a problem. It is usually ran by a computer. 

There are four main ways to express algorithms:
- Flowchart
    - A graphical representation of an algorithm which uses symbols to represent each step in a process. Arrows are used to show program / logical flow. 
        - As flowcharts visiaully represent algorithms, they can provide a simplified / "at a glance" overview of a solution or process, making it easily accessible to non-technical audiences. 
        - It can be time consuming to create flowcharts for complex or large solutions / processes. 
- Written description
    - A text-based representation of an algorithm which describes each step of a process in detail, using English. 
        - As this uses plain English to describe the intentions, logic, or purpose of a process or part of one, it can be used to communicate with a non technical audience. 
        - These descriptions can also serve as project documentation. 
        - This may be tedious to write and read. 
- Psuedocode
    - A high level description that combines natural language with the syntax of programming code.
        - Understood by programmers regardless of the languages they know. 
        - Can be difficult for non-technical audiences to understand, as it uses syntax of real code 
- Program code
    - The implementation of an algorithm in a programming language. 
        - Can be directly executed and tested, as it is written in a real programming language. 
        - Can be difficult for any non-technical audience to understand.  
        