```
1.2.6 Be able to identify and correct errors in an algorithm (flowcharts,
written descriptions, pseudocode, program code).
```

- When identifying and correcting errors in an algorithm, it is important to understand the different types of errors that can occur, how to identify them, and how to correct them.
    + Syntax errors
        * Syntax errors are errors that occur when the code does not follow the correct syntax of the programming language.
        * These errors can be identified by the compiler/interpreter, and will result in the code not being able to be compiled/interpreted.
        * These errors can be corrected by fixing the syntax of the code.
    
    + Logic errors
        * Logic errors are errors that occur when the code does not produce the expected output.
        * These errors can be identified by testing the code with various inputs, and comparing the output to the expected output.
        * These errors can be corrected by fixing the logic of the code.
        * Common Logic errors include:
            + `Index Out of Bounds` - When an array index is accessed that is out of bounds of the array. (e.g. accessing index 5 of an array with a length of 3)
            + `Null Pointer Exception` - When a variable that is null is accessed. (e.g. accessing a variable that has not been initialised)
            + Infinite Loop - When a loop does not have a condition that will cause it to exit. (e.g. while(true) { ... })
            + `Stack Overflow` - When a method calls itself, or another method that calls itself, resulting in a stack overflow. (e.g. methodA() { methodA(); }) (Also sometimes known as `RecursionError`)
            + `Out of Memory` - When the program runs out of memory, and is unable to allocate more memory. (e.g. array of size 1,000,000,000, each value containing a string of size 1,000,000,000)

    + Runtime errors
        * Runtime errors are errors that occur when the code is being executed, and are not detected until the code is run.

- Along with identifying and correcting errors in code, it is also important to understand how to identify and correct errors in its other representations.
    + Flowcharts - Visual
        * Common mistakes to look out for are incorrect flow, missing steps, incorrect symbols, un-ending loops etc.
        * These errors can be corrected by simply modifying the flowchart layout / symbols.
    
    + Written descriptions - Textual
        * Keep a look out for any anything that could possibly be misinterpreted, or misunderstood. Although unlikely, it is possible for a written description to be misinterpreted.
    
    + Pseudocode - Textual / Code
        * Make sure to remove any language specific syntax, functions and keywords. And replace them with their generic equivalents. (e.g. `math.sqrt()` -> `sqaureroot()`)
        

